---
title: K-Realiser
---
# K-Realiser (KurrawongAI's in-house solution)

<!-- describes a common problem-->

Organisation's are increasingly realising that the future of enterprise data management is graph-native. However, while the shift from more traditional, rigid relational systems is relatively simple, few organisations find existing solutions represent their specific business needs and data in a way that allows for existing teams to transition readily to this way of data management. 

<!-- this provides a simple summary of the product -->

This is where KurrawongAI has developed K-Realiser. This solution utilises our experience in transforming disparate organisational data into a single Knowledge Graph linking information and metada into a coherent structure. As part of a unified data model, we provide User Interfaces (UIs) that are simple, and easy to understand for your own people to administer. 

<!-- this provides an overview of features -->


K-Realiser UIs leverage our expertise in KG technology to provide ready-to-implement features that can be combined to provide a custom solution without the overhead of typical from-the-ground-up software development. These include:

- interfaces built using SHACL (Shapes Constraint Language) to ensure that data is valid for your own graph at every user interaction.

- custom web components based upon our existing library of common components
 
- incorporation of data management workflows for provenance and approvals

- the ability to link to RDF databases, high availability data-replication services or version-controlled file stores (depending upon the best fit for your use-case).

<!-- what does this mean for clients-->

Our solution allows the transition (or improvement) of organisational, domain specific data to Knowledge Graphs with self-management of reference data available to the team members relying upon it most. This provides a low-tech entry point for future-proofing your data.

For K-Realiser to work for you, all it needs is your KG data model. If your organisation hasn't modelled your data for Knowledge Graphs, we can help to develop this with you.

<!-- for future, we may add links to a relevant case study-->
